Set on <a href=http://www.hotels-in-vietnam.com/asia/vietnam/hotels_hanoi/noble_boutique_hotel.html>Noble Boutique Hotel Hanoi</a> features a business centre. Located on the historic Hang Gai Street, it is 400 metres from Hoan Kiem Lake and a 10-minute walk from the Hanoi Opera House. Pamper yourself with onsite massages or take in the view from a rooftop terrace and a terrace. Additional features include complimentary wireless Internet access, concierge services, and a television in the lobby. Recommended by writers and painters our location is the best convenience place to explore Hanoi Old Town or in which to merely sit and watch the world go by. The legendary Hanoi historic, the white colonnades and the unique air of romantic grandeur transport you back to a more elegant old age, while the seamless service, contemporary technology reflect our modern time. As one of the most favorite 4 star hotels in Hanoi Old Quarter, Noble Boutique gives guests the system of well-equipped rooms ensuring the most pleasant stay. The hotel offers many modern facilities to satisfy guests, even the most discerning ones. Visitors can freely select the system consists of 69 rooms. All rooms exude an atmosphere of peace and harmony. The hotel’s services and facilities including massage, spa, fishing, sauna, and billiards help you relax after a day full of activities around the city. Staying at Noble Boutique, guests will enjoy a relaxing and comfortable moments, which makes you feel like being in your own house. Noble Boutique Hotel Hanoi has 76 rooms that are equipped with all the essentials to ensure a comfortable stay. Internet access is also available.
On-site dining options include a restaurant, which is ideal for guests who want to stay near to all Noble Boutique Hotel Hanoi's amenities while taking time out to have a satisfying meal.
